docs: Add info about auto-signoff (#9105)
keptn/keptn: CONTRIBUTING.md

- secret-service
- shipyard-controller
- statistics-service

### Auto signoff commit messages

> We have a DCO check which runs on every PR to check if the commit has been signed off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a DCO check which runs on every PR to verify that the commit has been signed off.
```

To sign off the last commit you made, you can use
```bash
git commit --amend --signoff
```

or the command below to sign off the last 2 commits you made
```bash
git rebase HEAD~2 --signoff
```

> But this process is sometimes inconvenient.
> You can automate this process though.
> 
> To automatically sign off commits, you can create a pre-commit git hook as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process is sometimes inconvenient but you can automate it
by creating a pre-commit git hook as follows:
```

> Create the hook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the hook:
```

``` bash
touch .git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg
```

> Add this to `prepare-commit-msg` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the following to the `prepare-commit-msg` file:
```

```bash
SOB=$(git var GIT_AUTHOR_IDENT | sed -n 's/^\(.*>\).*$/Signed-off-by: \1/p')
grep -qs "^$SOB" "$1" || echo "$SOB" >> "$1"
```

> and finally give it execution permissions by calling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Give it execution permissions by calling:
```
